# Contemporary Issues In Data
    
    As an Econ major, I often use python open packages to complete my assignments and researches. Everytime after using $ ~pip install command, I would wonder if the newly downloaded package would cause cybersecurity issues. Moreover, one of my Econometrics professors warned me that using Python statistical packages may run into statistical or mathematical problems, which could influence the accuracy of the research. Therefore, I have collected two articles on Python packages application to analyze the pros and cons of this application.

## Attitudes Towards Student-Centered Learning with Jupyter Notebooks in Econometrics: A Semantic Analysis
**Stiefenhofer, P., & Zhang, V. N. (2023). Attitudes Towards Student-Centered Learning with Jupyter Notebooks in Econometrics: A Semantic Analysis. Journal of Innovative Technology and Education, 10(1), 7-15.**
    
    This is a study based on the role of Jupyterlab for students in an Econometrics course. Using a qualitative thematic analysis approach, the authors found that Jupyterlab, as an interactive learning tool, is effective in enhancing students' autonomy in learning, improving their self-confidence, and providing many academic resources. Students report that unlike rigid instructional courseware, Jupyterlab reflects the results produced by student data manipulation in real time. Although the process of setting up Jupyterlab and mastering the essentials of its operation was lengthy, the rewards of these endeavors were great.

    As a student who has used Jupyterlab to study econometrics, I believe that Jupyterlab has greatly shortened the process of statistical calculations and improved my learning efficiency. Unlike software limited to the field of statistics such as R language and Stata, Python is more flexible to use. In terms of statistical function packages, I have the flexibility to choose different packages to write linear regression models. In terms of data visualization, I can use different functions to create the charts I want. The openness of Python packages boosts my effiency of studying Econometrics.

## PyPI attack: Targeting of repository 'shows no sign of stopping'
**https://www.itpro.com/security/cyber-attacks/pypi-attack-targeting-of-repository-shows-no-sign-of-stopping**
    
    The openness of Python packages could also contain potential risks. PyPI, a repository of software for the Python programming language, has been described as a "highly lucrative target" for cybercriminals. Cybersecurity experts have warned that cybercriminals' activities could continue given the popularity of PyPI, which could potentially cause massive disruption. In a short time span, a large number of malicious users and malicious projects have been created in PyPI, which is far beyond the control of administrators. Last August, an alert was issued by PyPI administrators regarding a phishing campaign designed to steal credentials from package developers. It's hard to imagine how much damage this simultaneous attack on developers and users could do to the level of trust in the Python packages.

    I couldn't agree more with one of the software supply chain leaders in the article: we have to change our mindset from detecting attacks to identifying attackers. Only by understanding the attacker's TTP and raising the bar will we succeed in keeping the open source community safe. However, this same principal also said that ultimately the only people who can ensure the security of PyPI packages are the users themselves. Verifying the security of packages through the community would require an enormous investment in manpower and money, which is unrealistic. Users need to verify that the source of the package is reliable and that the code covered by the package is not malicious, which puts a higher demand on the user's programming knowledge. I remember my econometrics professor telling me that many of Python's statistical function packages have problems of one kind or another, and that these problems can mislead research results. However, the statistical or mathematical problems with some statistical function packages are hard to detect in an intuitive way. This means that we need to use the few function packages that people use most often whenever possible, and we need to supplement the use of statistical tools such as the R language to verify the reliability of the results.
